Add README.md (#2)
GET-Prog/next: README.md

# Next

[![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D)](https://vuejs.org/)
[![firebase](	https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-ffca28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black)](https://firebase.google.com/)

> This repository contains a website that the GETPro group uses to define the `Next` studies' and presentations'  themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a website that the GETPro group uses to define the `Next` studies and presentations  themes.
```

## How to run it

First of all, put your firebase credentials at `database.js`.

As this project does not use any package manager, you are good to go! Just start an HTTP server at the root of this project and access it.

> If you have `python` a simple way to do that is running this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have `python`, a simple way to do that is running this command:
```
